

Reading about C isn't enough. You should try writing one or two simple programs to see whether writing a program goes as smoothly as it looks in this chapter. A few suggestions follow, but you should also try to think up some problems yourself. You'll find answers to selected programming exercises on the publisher's website: www.samspublishing.com.
1: Write a program that uses one printf() call to print your first name and last name on one line, uses a second printf() call to print your first and last names on two separate lines, and uses a pair of printf() calls to print your first and last names on one line. The output should look like this (but using your name):
 Anton Bruckner
Anton
Bruckner
Anton Bruckner
First print statement
Second print statement
Still the second print statement Third and fourth print statements
    2: Write a program to print your name and address.
3: Write a program that converts your age in years to days and displays both
values. At this point, don't worry about fractional years and leap years.
4: Write a program that produces the following output:
    For he's a jolly good fellow!
    For he's a jolly good fellow!
    For he's a jolly good fellow!
    Which nobody can deny!
Have the program use two user-defined functions in addition to main(): one that prints the "jolly good" message once, and one that prints the final line once.
5: Write a program that creates an integer variable called toes. Have the program set toes to 10. Also have the program calculate what twice toes is and what toes squared is. The program should print all three values, identifying them.
6: Write a program that produces the following output:
    Smile!Smile!Smile!
    Smile!Smile!
    Smile!
Have the program define a function that displays the string Smile! once, and have the program use the function as often as needed.
7: Write a program that calls a function named one_three(). This function should display the word one on one line, call the function two(), and then display the word three on one line. The function two() should display the word two on one line. The main() function should display the phrase starting now: before calling one_three() and display done! after calling it. Thus, the output should look like the following:
    starting now:
    one
    two
    three
done!



# README #

This is the source code of our SIGMOD 2015 paper, entitled "iCrowd: An Adaptive Crowdsourcing Framework". 

### How to build the source code ###

* The code is built by using Gradle 
* Download Gradle from https://gradle.org/
* Add Gradle to your environment variables
* Change the current directory to the project directory "../icrowd/"
* Type in "gradle clean fatJar"
* Use the built JAR package at build/libs/

### How to run the code ###

* The key class is "icrowd.core.CrowdFramework", which is responsible for the whole Crowdsourcing framework, including both task assignment and answer aggregation. 
* Please refer to the main function in "icrowd.test.eval.EvalFramework" to know how to use and evaluate the CrowdFramework mentioned above. It consists of the following steps: 
  1. Configure your data set (tasks and answers collected from Crowdsourcing platforms) at "src/main/resources/ds-config.json". Please refer to the "sample" dataset as an example. 
  2. Use "icrowd.core.estimate.GraphEstimatorBuilder" to run the offline building program of our graph-based estimation. 
  3. Set the PPV file name generated by Step 2 in the "ds-config.json"
  4. Run "icrowd.test.eval.EvalFramework" to evaluate the Crowdsourcing Framework. Here, you have the choices of setting different Task Assigners and Answer Aggregators. 

### Contributors ###

* Ju FAN, National University of Singapore
* Guoliang LI, Tsinghua University
* Beng Chin OOI, National University of Singapore
* Kian-Lee TAN, National University of Singapore
* Jianhua FENG, Tsinghua University

### Contact Us ###

* If you have any question, please feel free to contact Dr. Ju FAN (fanj@comp.nus.edu.sg)